Email module (#8)
codex-team/hawk.so: README.md

# hawk.so
Hawk 2.0 web client

# Before deploying
1. Run `yarn install`.

> 2. Rename `.env.sample` in `.env` and write all necessary setting.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Copy `.env.sample` to `.env` and fill environmental variables with your data.
```
